in today's video i'm gonna be recapping
the events of
hush a 2016 american slasher film where
a deaf and mute rider must fight for her
life in silence
when a mass killer appears at her window
spoilers ahead you have been warned
now like the video and subscribe to the
channel if you enjoy this video
maddie young is a writer who lost her
ability to hear and speak when she was
13.
in hopes of strengthening her abilities
as an author she lives alone in the
woods
one evening maddie is cooking dinner
when she gets a text message from her
friend sarah
maddie invites her over a few minutes
later sarah arrives with the book maddie
had lent her
it is one of the books maddie has
written sarah tells maddie she
loves it and praises her riding
abilities as they are talking a loud
alarm goes off
they rush inside to see it as the fire
alarm maddie had mistakenly burnt the
food
she apologizes to sarah for the fire
alarm being too loud
later sarah invites maddie to come over
for dinner but she refuses
sarah then leaves and maddie sits down
to type on her computer
she is brainstorming ideas for her book
but it doesn't seem to be working
frustrated she gets up to clean the
kitchen when all of a sudden a bloodied
sarah bangs on her windows
but maddie doesn't hear or notice her a
masked man
is outside with sarah too she screams
and cries for help as he stabs her
several times
he sees maddie cleaning through the
window and soon realizes that she is
mute
maddie goes back to her couch and starts
typing again the intruder has now
snuck into the house and stands right
behind her
maddie is still unaware of his presence
just then maddie's sister max facetimes
her
as they are talking the man steals her
phone after ending the call maddie walks
around the house looking for her cat but
doesn't find it
so she sits back on the couch and opens
her laptop as she does that she gets a
text from her own phone
maddie is surprised to find several
pictures of her from a few minutes ago
then she receives one of her in the
exact position
she is sitting on the couch she realizes
that
someone is taking pictures of her she
gets up and for the first time
sees the masked intruder outside her
house
he has her phone in his hand she rushes
quickly and closes the window before he
can enter
she then goes to her laptop to call the
police but can't because the man cuts
off the electricity in the house
terrified she looks at the man through
the window he then slices the tires of
her car so she cannot run away
maddie is terrified she takes a lipstick
and writes
won't tell didn't see face boyfriend
coming home on her window
her plan is to agree not to tell anyone
about the intruder and send him away
but the intruder reads the message and
takes his mask off
he tells her that she has seen his face
now
he can easily break one of the windows
and get into the house but he wants
maddie to wish she were dead
maddie is terrified but manages to fetch
a knife and a hammer from the kitchen
she then goes to her room locks the door
and sits in a corner
suddenly a shadow is seen through the
window it is a bloodied hand
she gets up slowly to see the intruder
holding sarah's corpse
surprised maddie runs out of the room
and mourns her friend's death
but then she remembers sarah has her
phone
maddie thinks of a plan she gets her car
keys to trigger an alarm in hopes of
distracting the man
she then runs to her room to get sarah's
phone through the window
but she is not quick enough the man sees
her trying to get the phone and runs to
her
thankfully she gets inside before he can
reach her the intruder shows maddie
sarah's phone and keeps it on top of her
body challenging her to get it
he also takes sarah's necklace with him
maddie is now in her living room when
she sees the man moving around
he goes to the back of the house taking
this chance maddie comes through the
front door
she hides under the deck before he can
see her when he is away from her view
she makes
a run for it however the man sees her
and fires at her with a crossbow bolt
thankfully he misses somehow maddie
manages to run
inside the house again she then climbs
up the stairs and attempts to escape
through the windows
she climbs down the roof and throws a
torchlight to distract him
but her plan fails when the man notices
her he shoots her with the crossbow bolt
again
this time it hits her leg now maddie is
on the roof injured and the intruder is
climbing up to reach her
as he reaches the top maddie pushes him
back down and snatches his crossbow
she tries to hit the man with a bolt but
he starts climbing up again
mandy quickly rushes back inside through
the window and locks it
she has the crossbow with her but her
leg is injured and bleeding profusely
crying maddie applies medicine to her
wound she then tries to figure out the
way to use the crossbow
the man watches her through the window
but she doesn't notice just then
sarah's boyfriend john knocks on matty's
front door looking for sarah
the intruder hears him but maddie
doesn't jon takes his phone out to call
the police which alerts the intruder
he poses as a police officer and stops
him from calling
he makes up a story about calling the
sheriff and takes jon's phone
as he is handing it back he dropped
sarah's necklace from earlier
now jon grows suspicious of the man he
tells a man about a fake spare key and
plans to hit him when he isn't looking
but he gets distracted by maddie banging
the door the intruder takes the chance
and stabs him in the neck
jon tries to fight but the intruder
stabs him again jon pushes him to the
ground and holds him for maddie to run
away
now this is the time for her to escape
she imagines herself running out the
back
door but the man hunts her down after
much struggle jon lets go of the
intruder and
dies on the spot maddie is hopeless now
she realizes that she has no way to get
out of this
she knows she will either be caught or
bleed to death with no way out she
decides to kill him
meanwhile the intruder is outside
smoking cigarettes talking to john's
dead body
maddy's cat finally comes back the man
is about to kill it too when suddenly he
is struck in the shoulder with a bolt
maddie has come out of the house to
attack the man she retreats into the
house but one of her arrows falls on the
deck
as she tries to grab it the man slams
the sliding door on her hand and crushes
it beneath his foot
she slowly drags her bloody palm inside
and locks the door
the man watches her on the floor crying
in pain but he also breaks the arrow
mocking her
he threatens her that he will come in
now with much determination maddie
stands up and writes
do it on the glass door with her blood
she then bangs the drawer and adds
coward to it the man reads it and goes
back to get a tire iron and starts
bashing the door with it
as he does that maddie types his
description on her laptop
she also leaves a message for her family
and tells him she died fighting
she then locks herself in the bathroom
with a knife and waits for him there
facing the door but the man is already
behind her he has broken in through the
skylight in the bathroom
the man talks to her thinking she cannot
hear him but maddie feels his breath on
the back of her neck
before he could attack her she stabs him
with her knife she quickly limps out of
the room to the kitchen and
hides there the man comes back looking
for her but before he can reach her
she sprays his face with an insecticide
and turns on the fire alarm from earlier
the man struggles for a while but
doesn't give up he beats her ruthlessly
and starts strangling her
maggie's whole life flashes in front of
her eyes she remembers pictures of her
childhood and her family
she gets hold of a corkscrew and stabs
him on the neck
the man bleeds heavily and finally dies
maddie gets up and finds her phone in
his pocket she finally calls the police
and walks out to her front deck
the movie ends as she watches the police
car coming to her rescue
thanks for watching make sure to like
the video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to the channel if you want to
see more of these movie summaries